Tidy HERD resources.py: drop polymorphic object lookup, de-duplicate blocks (#1515)
hdmf-dev/hdmf: CHANGELOG.md

- `HERD.add_ref` now defaults `key` to the value of a scalar string `attribute` when `key` is not provided, removing the redundant argument in the common case. @rly [#1511](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1511)
- `HERD.add_ref` no longer warns when an `entity_uri` is provided for an already-existing `entity_id` and the URI matches the stored one. The entity tables are normalized, so re-passing the same `entity_uri` (common when annotating many objects or files with the same entity) is harmless; a warning is now emitted only when a *different* `entity_uri` is provided, in which case the existing URI is kept. @bendichter [#1513](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1513)

### Changed

> - Refactored `HERD` object resolution into focused helpers (`_resolve_object_target`, `_find_object`, `_find_or_add_object`), replacing a single helper whose return type (an `Object` row or a dict) depended on a flag. The object lookup now identifies an object by its file together with its object_id, relative_path, and field, so a shared object_id across files (e.g. a copied, modified file) resolves to the correct object instead of colliding. A container that is not in a file continues to raise its own distinct error, separate from a container that is in a file but has no entry in the object table. Also de-duplicated the repetitive table-comparison and `from_zip` parsing/validation blocks. @rly [#1515](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1515)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactored `HERD` internals (no public API or behavior change). Renamed `_check_object_field` to `_find_object` object and updated return type to always return an `Object` row instead of returning a row or a `dict` depending on the `create` flag. Also cleaned up code duplication of code for table-comparisons in `assert_external_resources_equal` and  for table parsing/validation in  `from_zip`. @rly [#1515](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1515)
```
